---
layout: default
---

# Project 3

## Objectives

- Acquaint you with JavaScript.
- Introduce you to Ajax.
- Dive Back into HTML

This project is an opportunity to enhance your implementation of Project 2. Here's what to do:

1. Within your CS50 IDE workspace, duplicate your `project2` directory, naming the copy `project3`. (No worries if you named `project2` something else.) The directories' contents should ultimately be identical.
1. Enhance your `/quote` route in such a way that it retrieves quotes via Ajax, embedding the result somewhere in the page's DOM (without reloading the whole page), a la [`ajax2.html` and `application.py`](http://cdn.cs50.net/cscip14300/2017/lectures/3/src3/) from class. Keep in mind that, for Project 2, you likely submitted symbols via `POST` to `/quote`. But `ajax2.html` assumes that symbols are submitted via GET. For Project 3, then, odds are you'll want to create a new route that borrows code from `application.py` from class but accepts a symbol via GET.
1. Enhance your `/buy` route in such a way that the user is not allowed to submit the page's form unless the user inputs a positive integer (for the number of shares to be bought).
1. Ensure that none of your forms allow (server-side) for invalid input.
	- For numbers of shares, are you (incorrectly) letting users submit -1? 0? -0.5? Foo? Blank values?
	- For symbols, are you (incorrectly) letting users submit blank values? Invalid symbols?
	- For other inputs, are you allowing invalid values?

## How to Submit

1. First, `cd` to your `project3` directory. Then run `submit50 cscip14300/2017/summer/project3`.
1. Also submit [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScuD9n_Ge_DipozhGD1VaCd2P0AhZ-nNwryYAVNouWzqUWKTA/viewform).
